---
title: "Frequently asked questions for Dynamics 365 AI for sales | MicrosoftDocs"
description: "Frequently asked questions for Dynamics 365 AI for sales seller capabilities"
keywords: "FAQs, Dynamics 365 AI for sales, AI for sales, Sales AI"
ms.date: 10/31/2018
ms.service: crm-online
ms.custom: 
ms.topic: article
applies_to:
  - "Dynamics 365 (online)"
  - "Dynamics 365 Version 9.x"
ms.assetid: 93d16444-2a11-4c2b-841b-91a609c81f6a
author: udaykirang
ms.author: udag
manager: shujoshi
ms.reviewer: 
ms.suite: 
ms.tgt_pltfrm: 
caps.latest.revision: 01
topic-status: Drafting
---

# Frequently asked questions for seller capabilities

## Relationship analytics

**What do I need to use Relationship analytics?​**<br>
Relationship analytics uses data from Dynamics 365 for Sales. Optionally, it includes data from Exchange Online and LinkedIn InMail with the LinkedIn solution with sync-back enabled. For Exchange data, only The graph is built on user accounts situated in the USA.​

**How do I enable Relationship analytics?​**<br>
Install Dynamics 365 AI for Sales and enable Relationship analytics feature from  **Settings** > **AI setup**.​

**What is the frequency of KPI updates?​**<br>
KPIs are updated every 24 hours, potentially fewer.​

**What are the signals in relationship health?​**<br>
Relationship health looks at activity, recency, engagement, and sentiment of activities between sellers and customers.​

**Can I configure relationship health?​**<br>
An administrator can influence the relationship health score by changing the weight of activity types, and the expected level of communications with customers.

## Predictive Lead/Opportunity scoring

**What do I need to use Lead/Opportunity Scoring?​**<br>
Install Dynamics 365 AI for Sales, use standard Lead entity or use standard opportunity entity​.
To build a Lead score model​, a minimum of 100 qualified and 1000 disqualified leads are required. 
To build an opportunity scoring model​, a minimum of 400 won and 600 lost opportunities are required. 

**Can I customize the model?​**<br>
In this release, you cannot customize the model. We are working to enable you to customize the model such as enabling users to select what signals they would like to include/exclude in the model​ in the future releases.

**Can I create multiple models for ex. one for the US and one for EMEA leads/opportunities?​**<br>
In this release, you can create only one model for all leads and one model for all opportunities. We are working to enable you to create multiple models in the future release. You will be able to use different kinds of slicers such as geo, product to create these multiple Lead score and Opportunity score models​.

**What is the minimum data required to create a lead/opportunity score model?​**<br>
A minimum of 100 qualified and 1000 disqualified leads are required to build a Lead score model. 
A minimum of 400 won and 600 lost opportunities are required to build an opportunity scoring model.​

**What is the difference between Score and Grade?​**<br>
The score is generated by the machine learning model. <br>
The grade is just grouping scores in 4 buckets which the admin can configure​.

**Does the out-of-the-box model consider custom attributes?​**<br>
No, the out-of-the-box model does not consider custom attributes. When we open up model customization, you will be able to add custom attributes to the model​.

**Does the model consider custom entities that are related to the standard lead entity?​**<br>
No, the model doesn’t consider custom entities that are related to the standard lead entity. There is no current plan to support attributes of a related custom entity in the model​.

## Notes analysis

**What do I need to use Notes analysis?​**<br>
Notes analysis requires Office 365.​

**How do I enable Notes analysis?​**<br>
Install Dynamics 365 AI for Sales and enable Notes analysis feature from **Settings** > **AI setup**.​

**What does Notes analysis look at for the intent?​**<br>
Notes analysis looks at notes and posts on the timeline for the intent that may indicate a record should be created. Notes analysis looks for meetings requests, meetings, tasks, and contacts.

## Talking Points

**What do I need to use Talking points?​**<br>
Talking points requires Office 365 Exchange and a server-side sync profile configured (mailbox need not be enabled for SSS).​
​
**How do I enable Talking points?​**<br>
Install Dynamics 365 AI for Sales and enable the Talking points to feature from **Settings** > **AI setup**.​

**What do Talking points look at for the conversation starters?​**<br>
Talking points look at the inbox of the logged in user for emails from the contact/last that includes conversational topics relating to sports, entrainment, health, and sports.​

**How is my privacy protected?​**<br>
User privacy is safeguarded as only emails from the logged in user’s mailbox is shown. A colleague will be unable to see talking points those same talking points unless they were also a recipient of that email.​

**How long will it take for results to appear?​**<br>
It takes a few seconds to display the results.​

## Who know whom

**What do I need to use Who knows whom?​**<br>
Who knows whom requires Office 365 Exchange. The graph is built on user accounts situated in the USA. Geo availability will expand as AI for Sales is available in more regions. Server-side sync is required for email introduction requests.​

**How do I enable Who knows whom?​**<br>
Install Dynamics 365 AI for Sales, opt-in to Connection insights from Office 365 admin, and enable the Who knows whom feature from **Settings** > **AI setup**.​

​**How long will it take for results to appear?**​<br>
The graph requires approximately 24 hours to populate the results for the first time. Subsequent updates take 3-6 days based on new activities included in the graph.​

**​Who will be included in the graph?​**<br>
Everyone in the tenant (in the US until geo availability expands) will be included in the graph. Administrators have the option to opt-out users or DLs, such as C-suite, M&A, finance, and so on. Per user, the self-serve opt-out will be available in the next few months.​

**​How are the connections weighted?**<br>
Connections are weighted by a combination of how well the logged in user knows the intermediary, and how well the intermediary knows the target contact/lead. This consequently implies that a salesperson may not see the same results as other salespersons since they know different people in the organization.